
PRECONDITON   https://automationteststore.com/    page is open

 I The currency selection checking
1.fix the mouse over the currency selection drop-down button
2.select a different currency and click
Result: the cost of all products should be indicated in the selected currency

II Continue shopping button checking
1.select any product and click  ‘Add to cart’ button
2.open shopping cart
3.click ‘Continue’ shopping button
Result: User should be navigated to Home Page

III Minimum quantity limit checking
1.find the product with the minimum quantity limit and open
2.fill the quantity less then the minimum quantity limit
3.click  ‘Add to cart’ button
Result: User should be navigated to shopping cart and see error like this
 “Allowed product's quantity is below minimum required. Quantity was set to minimum amount.”

IV Title changes checking
1.click on any section of the product 
2.select any subsection and click on it
Result: the page title should be has subsection name.

V Checking the total price with the entered quantity
1.select any product and click  on it
2.increase the quantity of product 
Result: The total price should be multiplied according to the entered quantity

VI Add a review with all valid inputs
1.select any product and click  on it
2.below the product find the ‘Reviews’ button and click  on it
3.click on the rating stars
4.Fill ‘Your name’ field with more than 3 characters
5.Fill in the ‘Your review’ field with more than 25 characters
6.Enter the verification code in the field next to the ‘Submit’ button
Result: Result: The user should be see a message like this
 Thank you for your review. It has been submitted to the webmaster for approval.

VII Add à review without verification code entered
1.select any product and click  on it
2. below the product find the ‘Reviews’ button and click  on it
3.click on the ‘Submit’ button
Result: The user should be see an error message like this
 “Human verification has failed! Please try again.

VIII Add à review without  review  text entered
1.select any product and click  on it
2.below the product find the ‘Reviews’ button and click  on it
3.click on the rating stars
4.Fill ‘Your name’ field
5.Enter the verification code in the field next to the ‘Submit’ button
Result: Result: The user should be see an error message like this
 “Error: Review Text must be between 25 and 1000 characters!.

IX Add à review with incorrect  ‘Your name’
1.select any product and click  on it
2.below the product find the reviews button and click on it
3.click on the rating stars
4.Fill in ‘Your name’ field with less than 3 characters.
5.Fill in the ‘Your review’ field with more than 25 characters
6.Enter the verification code in the field next to the "Submit" button
Result: Result: The user should be see an error message like this
 “Error: Review Name must be between 3 and 25 characters!

X ‘Special’ section checking
1.fix the mouse over the ‘Special’ section and click on it
Result: User should be navigated to Special Page where all products should be in discount and should has two price` without discount and with discount

XI Checking  ‘Check order’ Function with unreal user value
1.fix  the mouse cursor over the ‘Account’ drop-down section
2.select the subsection “Check your order” and click on it
3.Fill in the ‘Order ID’ field with any numbers
4.Fill in the ‘E-mail’ field with an unregistered email address
5.Click on the ‘Continue’ button.
Result: The user should see the following message:
 “The order you requested has not been found!”

XII Checking  “Print" Function 
1.1.select any product and click  on it
2.Click on the ‘Print’ button.
Result: The user should see window for print.

XII Checking  ‘Search’ Function 
1. In the ‘Search’ field type any product name and click  on it
Result: The user should be navigated to the page of product which he search














